Add retraining model documentation (#153)
wikimedia/articlequality: README.md

2. install the package itself and its dependencies `python setup.py install`
3. You can verify that your installation worked by running `make enwiki_models` to build the English Wikipedia article quality model or `make wikidatawiki_models` to build the item quality model for Wikidata

### Retraining the models

> To retrain a model, run `make -B MODEL` i.e `make -B models/wikidatawiki.item_quality.gradient_boosting.model`.

Reviewer: Also, I was wondering if we could instead pick the top-most target here: `wikidatawiki_models`? That refers internally to `models/wikidatawiki.item_quality.gradient_boosting.model`.

> To retrain a model, run `make -B MODEL` i.e `make -B models/wikidatawiki.item_quality.gradient_boosting.model`.

Author: it is an example. it can be anything.

> To retrain a model, run `make -B MODEL` i.e `make -B models/wikidatawiki.item_quality.gradient_boosting.model`.

Author: Yes, e.g. sounds better suited for the task.

> To retrain a model, run `make -B MODEL` i.e `make -B models/wikidatawiki.item_quality.gradient_boosting.model`.

Reviewer: How about we give a bit more information:

```suggestion
To retrain a model, run `make -B MODEL` e.g. `make -B wikidatawiki_models`. This will redownload the labels, re-extract the features from the revisions, and then retrain and rescore the model.
```

> If a model file exists already in the models folder you might get an already up-to-date log.

Reviewer: I'm not exactly sure what this sentence is referring to. If I run `make -B models/wikidatawiki.item_quality.gradient_boosting.model` multiple times, it seems to retrain the model from scratch every time? At least that was my understanding of what the `-B` flag does.

Author: if you don't put the -B it wont retrain the model, because it asumes it is already done, even if it's an old model. So yes, this is the instruction of how to retrain the model.

Author: Sounds good. If you touch the files it means you are just altering the timestamp??

Reviewer: Yes: https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/touch.1.html

(It also creates an empty file if it doesn't exist yet, but that's not relevant here)
